Adds PhysicsNeMo-Mesh API Docs (#1461)
NVIDIA/physicsnemo: docs/mesh/index.rst

Design Properties
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**GPU-accelerated**
    All operations are fully vectorized with PyTorch and run natively on
    CUDA. There are no Python loops over mesh elements. An entire mesh,
    including all attached data, moves between devices with a single
    ``.to("cuda")`` or ``.to("cpu")`` call.

**Autograd-differentiable**
    Most operations integrate seamlessly with
    `PyTorch autograd <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/autograd.html>`_.
    Gradients flow through mesh construction, geometric computations, and
    field derivative operators, enabling end-to-end differentiable
    simulation and optimization pipelines.

**Dimensionally generic**
    Algorithms are written once for n-dimensional manifolds in m-dimensional
    spaces. The same code that computes normals on a triangle mesh in 3D
    also computes normals on a line mesh in 2D, or on a tetrahedral mesh
    in 3D. Manifold dimension, spatial dimension, and codimension are
    first-class concepts throughout the API.

**Arbitrary-rank tensor fields**
    Field data attached to a mesh is not limited to scalars or vectors. You
    can store tensors of any rank - scalar fields, vector fields, matrix

>     fields (e.g. stress tensors), or higher-order tensor fields - at any of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fields (for example, stress tensors), or higher-order tensor fields - at any of
```
